WIP: Define V3 binary secret encoding (#389)
cashubtc/nuts: 00.md

{
  "amount": int,
  "id": hex_str,
  "secret": str | bytes,
  "C": hex_str,
}
```

`amount` is the amount of the `Proof`, `secret` is the secret message, `C` is the unblinded signature on `secret` (hex string), `id` is the [keyset id][02] of the mint public keys that signed the token (hex string).

For legacy keysets, `secret` is a UTF-8 encoded string (the use of a 64 character hex string generated from 32 random bytes is recommended to prevent fingerprinting).

For V3 keysets, `secret` is a byte string. The exact bytes of `secret` are passed to `hash_to_curve`, signed by witnesses where required, and stored by the mint for double-spend prevention.

#### Binary secrets for V3 keysets

This section defines the V3 binary secret byte string before any transport encoding.

Binary secrets have the format:

```text
secret = SECRET_KIND || DATA
```

`SECRET_KIND` is a single byte:

| Value  | Name        | `DATA`                               |
| ------ | ----------- | ------------------------------------ |
| `0x00` | `random`    | Random bytes                         |
| `0x01` | `condition` | CBOR-encoded spending condition data |

> For `SECRET_KIND = 0x00`, `DATA` SHOULD be 32 bytes generated by a CSPRNG.

Reviewer: I think we were planning to make this change too for v3 secrets.

```suggestion
For `SECRET_KIND = 0x00`, `DATA` SHOULD be a random 33 byte compressed secp256k1 public key.
```

Author: Can you elaborate on the usecase? Making a standard random secret 33 bytes would mean it becomes distinguishable from deterministic secrets

Reviewer: This was proposed to allow future possibilities, such as FROST.
